---
title: Using Smart Crop with AEM Assets Dynamic Media
description: Smart Crop uses Adobe Sensei to eliminate the time-consuming and costly tasks of cropping content for responsive design.
feature: Smart Crop, Image Profiles
version: 6.4, 6.5
topic: Content Management
role: User
level: Beginner
exl-id: 295bbfb6-241f-41c0-972d-d9688863cea1
---
# Using Smart Crop with AEM Assets Dynamic Media{#using-smart-crop-with-aem-assets-dynamic-media}

Smart Crop uses Adobe Sensei to eliminate the time-consuming and costly tasks of cropping content for responsive design.

>[!VIDEO](https://video.tv.adobe.com/v/21519/)

>[!NOTE]
>
>Video assumes that your AEM instance is running on Dynamic Media S7 mode. [Instructions on setting up AEM with Dynamic Media can be found here.](https://helpx.adobe.com/experience-manager/6-3/assets/using/config-dynamic-fp-14410.html)

## Adobe Experience Manager's Dynamic Media Smart Crop capability includes

* AEM Asset admins can easily create image profiles for Smart Cropping based on device width and height.
* Smart cropping can be performed for an individual asset or can be performed for all assets within a folder.
* Smart Crop Editing Layout can be resized for better visibility.
* AEM Sites' Dynamic Media component supports Smart Crop.
* Published URL for the Smart Cropped asset is available to be used with 3rd party applications that accept hosted assets.

>[!NOTE]
>
>Smart Crop coordinates are aspect ratio-dependent. That is, for the various smart crop settings in an image profile, if the aspect ratio is the same for the added dimensions in the image profile, then the same aspect ratio is sent to Dynamic media. Because of this, the same crop area is suggested in the Smart Crop Editor. For example, a crop setting of 100x100 and 200x200 would result in the same smart crop being generated by the system.
